= Sleekit

== Description

What was I thinking of? This is a trivial and dumb Sinatra application that will receive a 
piece of English text in a JSON payload and translate it to the appropriate Scottish/Glaswegian
inflection. It uses an external service at whoohoo.co.uk[http://www.whoohoo.co.uk/] to do the 
translation. You could update this code to do the other translations that they have on offer 
there.

I guess {this tweet}[http://twitter.com/#!/projectzebra/status/27473779294736384] was what
started the whole dumb idea.

== Features

* Nothing worth talking about, except for the humorous translation thing

== Requires

Developed on Ruby 1.8.7. There are a number of gems you need to make it
go.

    gem install sinatra json hpricot

or since I've got a Gemfile for bundler, you can just do

   bundle install

if you have bundler installed already.

== Install

There is no gem. Clone it and go:

    git clone git@github.com:oisin/sleekit.git
    cd sleekit

Then you can just run the server

    ruby sleekit.rb

== API

You post a JSON hash with a 'text' key and the code translates the value at that
key. If you don't have that key present, you'll get a 400 Bad Request.

cURL examples are always best for this kind of thing, I find.

   curl -X POST -d '{"text":"Where can I get the bus?"}' http://localhost:4567/scottish

and this will return with

   Whaur can Ah gie th' bus?

i.e. a simple string that is the translation.  

== Live Version

There's a good chance that I have a live version of this up on Heroku, just
because it is so trivially easy to deploy there. If the following works, then
it's running.

   curl -X POST -d '{"text":"Where can I get the bus?"}' http://sleekit.heroku.com/scottish

== In My Defense

This was a fast and dirty experiment to play with hpricot specifically. I thought I
would put it up here so that I won't get embarrassed when the TSA search my laptop.

== Authors

- Maintained by {Oisin Hurley}[mailto:oisin.hurley@gmail.com]

== License

Copyright (c) 2011 Oisin Hurley
See ASL20.txt in this directory.
